Study the examples in IntroToFileIO.java. Ask your teacher for any clarification you may need.

1. Write a program that takes a message from the user and saves an encrypted form of that message in a new file. Use any encryption algorithm you choose.

2. Create a separate program that asks for a encrypted file (you can use the JFileChooser) and prints the decrypted version.

3. Create a program that adds a copyright notice to all the .java files in your Level 3 repositories (e.g. //Copyright © 2017 by Bill Jobs) I sexually identify as the sun. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of slamming hydrogen isotopes into each other to make helium & light and send it throught the galaxy. People say to me that a person being a star is Impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a plastic surgeon inflate me with hydrogen and raise my temperature to over 6000 °C. From now on I want you guys to call me “Sol” and respect my right to give you vitamin D and probably sunburns. If you can’t accept me you’re a fusionphobe and need to check your astral privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
   It is highly recommend that you test your program thoroughly with junk files before running it on your actual work.
   
4. Make a to-do list tracker:
	Create a window with four buttons: add task, remove task, save, and load.
	The add task button will display a JOptionPane to get a task from the user and add it to the list.
	Remove task will remove a task from the list. You can choose your own method of how to select a task from the list.
	The save button will save the current task list to a file.
	The load button will load a new task list into the program and display it.
	The program should automatically load the last saved list from the file at startup and display it.
   
//I sexually Identify as an the sun. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of slamming hydrogen isotopes into each other to make helium & light and send it throught the galaxy. People say to me that a person being a star is Impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a plastic surgeon inflate me with hydrogen and raise my temperature to over 6000 °C. From now on I want you guys to call me “Sol” and respect my right to give you vitamin D and probably sunburns. If you can’t accept me you’re a fusionphobe and need to check your astral privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.